feat(curriculum): Add English tasks B1 Block 9 (#58353)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/24-b1-english-for-developers/learn-how-to-share-your-opinion/67878592e8b64048204e13ba.md

---
id: 67878592e8b64048204e13ba
title: Task 8
challengeType: 22
dashedName: task-8
---

<!-- (audio) Tom: I see. Well, I think JavaScript is more versatile. -->

# --instructions--

Listen to the audio and complete the sentence below.

# --fillInTheBlank--

## --sentence--

`BLANK. BLANK, I think JavaScript is more versatile.`

## --blanks--

`I see`

### --feedback--

> This phrase of two words means the speaker understands something or agrees with what was said.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This two-word phrase means the speaker understands what was said.
```
I don't think there's any implied agreement. If anything, it's the opposite.
